What about the Yi Jing pills?
Li Yang
We have made you the sect master of Tianzong Treating People
Don't push your luck.
What do you want?
Open your mouth
I have been in Tianzong for 700 years
How dare you grow my legs?
Saintess, are you really obedient to antelopes?
Whoever you are
Let alone 700 years
Even if the deity wants to kill you for thousands of years
No one can stop you
I promised you before.
But as soon as you enter the door, it is an immortal pill
Even with all the ingredients
No one can practice it
Since you can't practice
Then go find someone who can practice
Ridiculous fairy pill
In fact, you can find anyone to practice it
You are doing it for your own personal gain
If the sect is handed over to you, it must be Wang Zong.
It's obviously something said in advance
Why do you regret it now?
When did our Tianzong not even want a face?
Elder Wu
When did you become an antelope dog?
You're the dog!
You and my students have advanced alchemists
Do you need me to ask?
No, since you can't practice it
Then give the medicinal materials to the deity to practice by himself
What do you practice by yourself
County-level alchemist
In the nine heavens and ten places, it is nothing more than a first-hand technique
And they are all wounded soldiers of the nation
In fact, you can replace
Good materials can be given to you.
But the ugly thing is ahead
If you can't practice
Then is this position of sect master suitable for you?
Then we need to reconsider.
You are so funny
If I can't practice medicinal pills, I will be given the position of suzerain
What if I can practice it?
Presumptuous 2 Elders
But the Heavenly Senior is just disdainful to argue with you
If you can really practice it, old man
Reset
This is what you said.
The old man still doesn't believe it
You are a waste of this refining period
Can really achieve the feat of an immortal collection alchemist
Xianji medicinal pills
Even if Lian Xianji Alchemist
It takes dozens of trials to store pills
You haven't made pills before?
Dare to guarantee
Yeah, or hahahahaha
Did you see through?
Even the people you trust the most don't believe you
Can you practice this fresh medicinal pill in one go?
How could a mere fresh pill fail?
You're not afraid to flash your tongue if you talk big
You can practice this immortal-grade elixir with just one mouth
You're really right. It's enough to move your mouth
Elder Hu himself will personally guide you in refining medicinal pills
i